feels basically accessing one you know
when everyone will all swap you will see
double displaying Blitzcrank you know
one game and then maybe some other
things later what's the second day of
rift rivals with covers presented by
only Sascha I'm joined right now by so
as from fnatic talk a little bit about
how the weekend is going this week
whatever you want to call it either way
so as first off thanks for going outside
and doing the fan meet it's boiling hot
out there I'm sorry that you have to
deal with this I don't know if it ever
gets as hot in Berlin okay well it
hadn't been this hot until you guys
showed up so I don't know what you guys
did but how do you feel about fanatics
performance so far here mmm
holy the best way to put it it's like
good but not the best yeah I think
there's a lot of fires we can improve on
of course
I think I mean also like same for us I
don't know what or any team did but
since we had to travel and all the stuff
like we didn't have so much practice
going into it so I think it's it's
decent but I think there's a lot of
things that we can for sure improve on
outside of like the games so one thing
I've been talking to a lot of different
people about here is that EU seems to be
in fnatic being the biggest example of
this like just completely rejecting a
DC's in marksmen you know like you guys
literally don't even have a marksman or
ADC player on your team right now but we
see teams like Team Liquid who play
exclusively marksmen and labott Lane
what do you what do you think are they
just behind on the times I think is just
preferences early I think the best the
best for sure is to play both and it's
not that we refuse to play ATS is just
reckless for heavy thought that eighties
were just not good on what from the
screams that we played before so it's
judgement from that was just that cannot
play ADC but like I think I'm mapping
and about it is that the best is to be
able to
ATC's and mages yeah yeah is your is
your is the time in North America and
the exposure to so many ADCs because
North America I think might run more
ADCs than any other region is that
helped convince you guys to do it more
as like is there a chance that we might
see reckless like start to change his
mind
I mean it it's like we already fought
even before they travels that you could
play both so it's not like there's like
a change like heaven if you're playing
as a team or two whatever maybe maybe
for like less like I didn't told him
after a teal game you know things like
that right but maybe think that ATC's
are better than he thought that they
were so eventually right but ideally I
think in the in the future going forward
is the best that we just like play
everything really I mean it's always
good if you play everything right so
can't can't hurt can't hurt Oh what do
you think about North American teams
after being here because I've heard some
pretty disparaging things from some of
the European teams you get like not just
from the games here but the scrims like
people seem to think there's like young
bucks tweet is pretty good it's a little
offensive but some of the other the
others like even in interviews like some
of the players have told me they think
like team liquid is good TSM is maybe
good and then everybody else is just not
good I mean for us we didn't play that
many teams fault it was was yeah was
decent it was good and then we play a
bit CLG we played only one game TSM one
game c9 so it's very hard to have like a
good clasp but yeah it's really hard to
say besides here actually
for us but ntl was very fine yeah what
what do you think of the rift rivals
event because I it's interesting
I feel like players are having a good
time but they just feel like it's just
not like at a good time of the year or
it's it seems weird where players like
seem to want to like it but they get
frustrated by it at the same time I'm
curious about your take
if Harold was like um I mean it was like
I'm new new part sort of so I mean first
of all we don't have like is I think I
mean in my eyes if it's like a
tournament where you have to play
serious then you should at least have
some time to prepare for the tournaments
on a specific patch so all the teams
brings their a game rather than you know
like do some show so so yeah if if
it's a serious tournament then you
should probably have some more time to
like prepare fights and if I will is
like a bit between the two you know I
think it's I mean it's still like fun
for me to to come to LA and play the
tournament and all these kind of things
it just feels like I'm sure the way we
feel about it is the same for everyone
else it's just like oh we could do so
much better if we had if I'd put more
time into it I mean not put more time
but if we had more time to to prepare
and you know all these things yeah this
fnatic feel like it's important to win
we're tribals for you guys to have a
good showing here or because some of the
NA teams are literally using is an
experiment right like let's try these
different players let's try these
different strats I don't know how much
like fanatic maybe some of the other
European teams feel about that well for
I think for every team you know they
solve aim to win maybe some things that
don't think they can win the argonauts
high to experiment and stuff like this
you know if that if there if they had
issues pile to lift rivals maybe they
want to try to switch some things right
so this is this this is good for them
and for the teams that that are good
enough and aim to win then you know they
they obviously don't wanna look bad and
stuff like that so yeah of course
don't final about the reddit community
you know they feel strongly about thanks
by the way I the last time I talked to
you we had basically a very depressing
interview where you're like it sucks I'm
screwed my hand is hurt I can't play
it's
and then Riot Games changed the meta and
you were able to play did you bribe riot
for it to change the matter for the
first time in all these years no I did
not but it's really fun to to see the
way the game has evolved it's feels
basically accessing one you know when
everyone will all swap you will see
double if playing Blitzcrank you know
one game and then maybe some other
things later so it's really fun that the
fact that people can also up and play
law of different champions like Eddie's
playing majors I think it's it's fun to
play and I think it's fun to watch for
the follow viewers on the egg I mean at
least for me I don't see the reason why
it's like something like this can you
can you convince backstage the North
American teams to start playing
Heimerdinger because I think that would
be really fun I'm sad we haven't seen it
as much over in North America I think
Dylan said da da da da how someone like
the stoats Fame years ago we never
played in a time where what the is
this champion you know so yeah I think
himer is just if you're Google champion
is like a strong blind pick for 4ad oh
and then if you have the opportunity to
like on topic support or something this
is not this there's no button that can
actually win like even if you if you
play some like like even like as well
SIA or something like this can
eventually take your toilet and try to
control the push like they can at leave
at six of Jaime or like they're gonna
die if you are a desire or something so
I think I was really strong of all I
like to play a Champions yeah I wish
that this matter like it's so exciting
for me because I always felt like
Heimerdinger was basically on this like
competitive play blacklist right like
he's just one of those champions like
Teemo I think two or three years ago
like I have a little bit right he played
I just I like I it's it would be very
fun if we
start to see like Shaco and Teemo and
these like other champions that I feel
like I've just been shoved in the closet
pop back out again
one thing about timer is that yeah is
I've always been like a good team
fighter so for competitive it's
important to to have like some to bring
some tools if you're like a champion
right so heimer since he's a good omelet
CC is good on lane and he's also very
good in teamfight then the champion is
just like if he becomes maybe a little
over tuned then he's going to become
radio P right so if if Teemo comes into
meta then I mean it depends like what
calcium is gonna be a deal ap and then
like it doesn't bring too much to
teamfight you know so it probably harder
for this type of champions yeah same for
shaker it isn't bring too much for team
would you like to see those champions
retrofitted and to have things your team
will just have like a giant mushroom you
can show and throw into the middle of a
teamfight and spit poison on
everybody
I think if those champions to become
meta they should like change something
in the kit of the champions so it can be
more useful in like a team fight or
these kind of things that is like so
important to to lay competitive yeah
we're good
is there anything that you want to say
to any of the fans out there well thank
you for supporting europe of course and
that's pretty much it thank you for the
interview
yeah well I'm glad to support Europe so
as a very big fat thank you so much for
the interview for everyone else you can
check out the rest of my coverage of all
things eSports right here on my youtube
channel I want to thank only slash so
much for their support because you know
what like it is the travel costs you
guys know how expensive it was for me to
cover MSI the travel cost to come to
rift rivals it's just insane i I don't
know that's it's amazing that they're
helping me out but if you want help out
you can click the links below and just
that's the type of stuff that it will
pay for me to be able to afford to go to
rift rivals so thanks so much